Welcome to this module,
now that we're all set up and learned how we set up our IDE and create our first angular experience,
let's dive into our course project.
Now you will learn how the mean stack works on a real project,
we'll build a simple posting, messaging like app where users can create and edit and delete posts and see
the posts of other users which they can't edit though,
so a mini-social network we could say, this is what we build and we'll actually start with the angular
frontend.
So if we have a look at our big picture here on how the mean stack works, we're going to focus on the
left side here, on the client side
and the reason for this simply is that by doing that, we can see something very quickly, the backend
holds a lot of logic but we don't see that much of that if we don't have a frontend where we can actually
render our data and display it.
So we'll start with the left part because we can always work with some dummy data until we have the real
backend added
but we get a beautiful UI right from the start.
So this is what we'll start with in this module and I will also give you a brief reintroduction to
angular,
now I strongly recommend going through a dedicated angular course first,
this is not a course that teaches you angular from the ground up but I will cover the important basics
and briefly refresh them
so that we're all on the same page. Now with that,
let's jump right into it,
let's create a new angular project and let's start building our course project with it.